DOCSP-41669 Release Notes week ending 7/26 (#814)
mongodb/docs-app-services: docs-release-notes.md

# July 26, 2024

## Device Sync

- Get Started: Rename references to "Realm" and adjust phrasing for clarity.

> - Configure Sync/Sync Settings: Update page to indicate that the ``Sync Type`` field only displays for Partition-Based Sync apps and move ``Select Your Cluster`` field to the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure Sync/Sync Settings: Update page to indicate that the Sync Type field only displays for Partition-Based Sync apps and move the "Cluster to Sync" section to the top of the page.
```
Monospace should only be used for variable names. We could use :guilabel:, which is used to denote UI components, but since this is internal and won't be posted on the site, think it's fine to leave as regular text. I also see that we've never used :guilabel: in release notes before, so we'll remain consistent. 

Looked at the PR, and I think the section name was supposed to be "Cluster to Sync". Section names should be in quotes.

> - Go to Production with Sync/Optimize Sync Storage in Atlas: Remove references to disabling client maximum offline time and update Device Sync settings screenshot to remove Enable Max Offline Time field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to Production with Sync/Optimize Sync Storage in Atlas: Remove references to disabling client maximum offline time and update Device Sync settings screenshot to remove ``Enable Max Offline Time`` field.
```
Differentiate the UI element title to be consistent with other updates.
